- Cheerio, lads.- Quiet, Croker! You're not out yet.- Sorry, sir.- Good luck, Charles.Remember me to the old woman!- l will, Harry.- Say hello to the big world.Bye-bye.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.- He said, ''Goodbye, Mr Bridger.''- Well, he's going.As long as he doesn't come back.That's all l care.They sayhe's going to do a job in ltaly.l hope he likes spaghetti.They serve it four times a dayin ltalian prisons.


You're the last personl expected to see, Lorna.l've been counting the days.Yeah? Well, why didn't you comeand see me when l was inside?You know that's not my scene.Sitting holding your handsacross the table,with those weeping wives aroundwith their howling kids,the guards looking at me as ifsomething's hidden up my dress.- l did miss you.- Yeah?l made an appointmentfor you to go to the tailor first.Then on to the shirtmaker...This car belongsto the Pakistani ambassador.- lt does?- Typical, isn't it?Out of jail five minutesand already l'm in a hot car.l just wanted youto come out in style, baby!


Take me to my tailor.Very elegant, sir,though you've put on a little weight.Well, l've been in America.- lt's the bread in the hamburgers.- ls that so?l'm glad you're out.l mean, back.l don't want to be rude, Charles,but times have changed.Adrian, when l went inthat was all the go.What did you do? Life?You know, you could put all thesein a museum.l'll tell you what l'll do with you.- l'll take this lot now.- Revolting.l'll take this lot now.You wrap 'em up.And will you shorten the sleeves,love? l'm not a gorilla.Yes! Well, there we are,Captain Croker.l think you'll findwe've kept it in perfect tone.l'll run the engine for you,shall l?You'll be able to hearwhat it sounds like.There, how's that?- l say.- Yes?- l say.- Hello?There you are.l thought l'd lost you!No, l came round here.l was just thinking,maybe it needs a little more airthrough the second carburettor.- Do you think so?- Listen.- Yes, maybe you're right. l'll...- l'll do it. Just stay there.Would you open the bonnet for me,please? Thank you.- l wonder if you'd hold this for me?- The...?- The bonnet.- Of course.Thank you.- l didn't quite...- Yes. There we are.- You want me to...- Hold. Thank you.There we are.- Now... Yes. l can...- How are you doing?l can see what's wrong.lt's very small.No, l don't know. lt's alright.Leave it.- Shall l...?- Yes, you shut it and l'll lock it.- Thank you.- How are you doing?- Long time since l was in here.- l dare say! There we are.l haven't been in this carfor so long.Yes, l gather you've been in lndiafor two years, sir.- Yes, shooting tigers.- Really? Splendid.The garage bill, sir.- Yes?- l'm afraid it's ?200.lf you insist we can charge it.No. Please! There's a bountyfor shooting tigers.- Well...- Yes, it's ?50 a head.- Really? There's no need to pay...- These are bundles of 200.- There's no need to pay now.- lt's alright.Yes, you must haveshot an awful lot of tigers, sir.Yes, l used a machine gun.Calling Mr R J Williams.Mr Williams to Reception, please...- Lord Croker. l am expected.- Yes, Your Lordship. Suite 602.And there's a message.Thank you.Hello, Charlie!Shut the door.You'll cause a terrible draught.Ladies?- Charlie!- Hello, Charlie!- Love you, Charlie.- Ciao!- Nice Charlie.- Good to see you, Charlie.Well, l thought,a coming-out present!- Very nice.- Now, what would you like?Everything.- Where's your old man?- He is dead.ln the Alps, in a car crash.lt wasn't an accident.There goes the job, then.- Wait, Mr Croker.- Yes, Mrs Beckerman?This is for you.What's this?Some sort of a consolation prize?Plans that my husbanddidn't have time to complete.- He wants you to finish them.- He does?Tell me, where do you figure,in the plans your husbanddidn't have time to complete?l don't. l am going to New Yorktomorrow at 6:00am.Pity.But... that still gives usfour hours to kill.And youstill in your widow's weeds...Charlie Croker, l am dead.- Hello, Roger.- l have arranged for my widow- to get material to you in England.- l got it.There you must find the backingto do the job.You must, Charlie.Because it is a work of genius.Just think of it. A city in chaos,a smash-and-grab raidand four million dollarsthrough a traffic jam.Four million dollars?This is the city of Turin,the industrial capital of ltaly.The most modern in Europe, famed forits architecture, and soon, l trust,for the greatest robberyof the 20th century.This is the FlAT armoured convoy.lt leaves Turin airport every week.lt never carriesless than four million dollars.l think we could take that over.To reach its destinationthe convoy has to travelthrough one of the busiesttraffic systems in Europe,a systemcontrolled by television camerasand by the computer in this building,the Turin Traffic Control Centre.lf you can get into this roomyou will cause the biggest trafficjam in the history of the world.Every street will be paralysed.And then you will have a chanceto ambush that convoy.Very nice.First you neutralise the TV cameraswhich overlook the convoy's route.You do thiswith these little gadgets here. Look.- Yeah.- Second,you break into the computer buildingand substitute this new program.- Got it.- This causes the jam.Right.Third, you attack the convoy in yourown inimitable way, Charlie.And fourth, you escape,on the only route out of the citywhich is not blocked up with traffic.You'll find details of the routein this portfolio.Within just two hours, you will beover the Alps and into Switzerland.And within three you'll havethe money safe in a Geneva bank.- Make it work, Charlie!- l will, Roger.Four million dollars,through a traffic jam.Money received from Brightonis ?1 5,000.- Hello. Camp Freddie?- Croker! Aren't you in ltaly?- l want to see Bridger.- Mr Bridger to you.l've got a job.lf it's the GPO, City Road,it's being done next week.This job is bigger than anythingBridger's done up until now.lf it's the Bank of England,it's out.Mr Bridger's very worriedabout the economy.Exactly, Freddie!Tell Bridger this is a foreign jobto help with this country'sbalance of payments.l don't thinkyou have the kind of schemethat yields the size of profitMr Bridger is accustomed to.But, this job is big.Charlie, you wouldn't even knowhow to spell big.B-l-G. Big.Now, Butch Harry,tell us about Fulham.Well, now... Fulham.A bit dodgy at the moment.How are you? How do you feelabout a little outing?Hello, Hazel.Hazel, my lovely, out you come.Come on, then. There you are.lt's a long time sinceyou've seen the nightlife, innit?Where's my torch?Where's my bloody torch?- Good evening, Mr Bridger.- Croker!Mr Bridger, l've got a job lined up.Get out of here.lt's all here. Maps, drawings,plans, everything.You've been put up to this,bribed to upset my natural rhythmand ruin my health.No, Mr Bridger. This is important.Four million dollars. Europe.The Common Market.ltaly, the FlAT car factory.- This is my toilet.- Please. Just read it.Get out.Are you alright, Mr Bridger?Are you alright?He's alright!l can always take itto the Americans.They're people who recognise youngtalent, give it a chance, they are.Last night, Mr Governor,my toilet was broken into.- Toilet?- Toilet.- Broken into?- Broken into.Well, l'm... terribly sorry.There are some placeswhich, to an Englishman, are sacred.- l've apologised, Bridger.- And so you should have.You are not doing your job properly.Her Majesty's prison is therenot only to keep people getting out,but to prevent people getting in.You are symptomaticof the lazy, unimaginative managementwhich is driving this countryon the rocks!- ls there anything else?- No, thank you, Governor.By the way, Mr Bridger, did youhappen to recognise the manwho so rudely interrupted you?l've never seen him beforein my life.l want Charlie Croker givena good going-over.- Yes, Mr Bridger.- Tell Camp Freddie.- Yes, Mr Bridger.- l don't want him killed.Just given a good going-over.l understand exactly what you mean.Do you, Keats?That's very imaginative of you.Sir, two volumesof the Anglo-American Trade.And UK Balance of Payments,1 966 and '67.And l've also brought youThe lllustrated London News, sir.For why, Keats, for why?- The Queen's in it, sir.- That's good of you.Sir, l often wonder whether one dayyou're going to top your careerby doing a job on their house.Keats, there are more things to lifethan breaking and entering.- Yes, Mr Bridger.- While we're on the subject,l notice that some of that young mobin E Blockdon't stand for the National Anthem,at the end of the nightly TV.Tell them to do so,or they will incur my displeasure.- Yes, Mr Bridger.- Alright, be off with you.Get the word to Camp Freddie.Sir.- Right then, Fred, come on.- Wait a minute.Take your filthy clothes, too!This is my man, my territory,and don't come back!Charlie's been caught on the job.OK, Charlie. Where are you?l know you're in here.There's no use hiding.- You had three birds in here.- You didn't mind at the hotel.That was a coming-out present.l didn't get a chance to enjoy it.l didn't enjoy it today, neither.Coming in causing a fracas.- Ask me where l've been.- You've been with the law.Yes, for taking the ambassador's carand for not paying the hotel bill.You deserted me!Don't come the moody!You know how the game is.No, you left me to my fate.- Usual one, was it?- 24 hours in prison.- lt was humiliating.- How did you get out?The ambassador for Pakistanwas very sweet.- Very sweet?- And so was the hotel manager.l knew you'd be alright.No thanks to you, Charlie Croker,l can tell you.- Lorna, l was busy, wasn't l?!- So l see!So l came in here and saw!l want you out.lf you don't think l mean it,then you're wrong!- lt's the law, Charlie!- What did you tell them?- Would l tell them anything?- Of course you would.Morning.Hello, Croker. We've comewith Mr Bridger's compliments.Sorry it's like this, Charlie.Listen, lads, you wouldn't hita fella... with no trousers on.- Would you?- OK, then, put 'em on.Get away from me!- Have you seen Croker?- Yes, Mr Bridger.- Well, l want you to see him again.- He won't take kindly to that.- l'm interested in his scheme.- But, Mr Bridger...What you fail to realiseis that we have a new objective.The Chinese are giving FlATfour million dollars in gold,as a down payment on a car plantthey're constructing near Peking.But Croker...Croker can handle it.He's got everything going for him.There's even a football match inTurin the day before the delivery.England versus ltaly. The Englishsupporters can cover his movements,even help him, if required.There's only one snag.We need an expert in computersto look after the technical end.The top man is Professor Peach.l've seen him on television.- Tell Croker to get him.- But how?- Maybe the Professor's not bent.- Camp Freddie,everybody in the world is bent.My brother's no longer with us,l'm afraid.- No.- You mean, he's...No, nothing like that.Actually, he's in a home.Yes. We thought it best.For his own good.Was it serious, Miss Peach?- Pam.- Serious, was it?- What?- Your brother. ln the home.Yes, l'm afraidit was quite serious, dear.- lsn't this greenfly awful?- Yes.Well, not to puta too fine point to it,he was discovered... in the lounge.- Doing what, Miss Peach?- Where?- ln the... lounge.- Yes, he was doing it. Yes.What?Something quite obscene.With Annette.- A net?- Annette.She was terrified, of course.- Naturally.- Would you like some tea?Tea. Would you like some?- You're very kind. Yes, please.- Good.Excuse me a minute.Annette? Annette, would you serve teain the lounge, dear?l shouldn't let her do that, dear.That gives them ideas.This is Annette.Professor Peach,do you see what l'm getting at?Your brawn, my brain.l'm not stupid, you know.Cooperation, isn't it?Like that flagpole out there.- Flagpole?- The flagpole in the yard.l know if there was a convex mirrorup there,27? vertical, 42? horizontal, l couldsee straight into Matron's bedroom!But somebody elsewould have to be up the pole.Couldn't do it myself. Cooperation,you see? She's a big woman.Here... Wait till you seethem ltalian birds.- Are they big? l like them big.- They're enormous.- Really?- Very, very, very big.Would we... wear stockingsover our heads?- No need for you to.- l'd like that.l could steal one of Matron's,couldn't l?We'll have you out of herein no time.l wouldn't want to get Matroninto trouble. Not that way, anyway!- She's big. Big!- Look out the window, Professor.- What?- Look out at my car.- Car? What car?- Down there.Gentlemen, gentlemen.Please, gentlemen. Please.We are about to do a job in ltalyand l would like to introduce you allto each other.First, Bill Bailey.He'll be my number two.You all know Bill. He's just donethree years in Parkhurst.As honest as the day is long.You can trust him.Second, the getaway. This willbe done in three Mini Coopers.And they will be drivenby Chris, Tony and Dominic.Hello, chaps.Alright! These chinless wonderswill get you out of Turinfaster than anyone elseon four wheels. Remember that.When we get to the Alps,we will transfer to a coach.The coach will be drivenby William here,better known as Big William,for very obvious reasons.Now, we come to the Professor here,who is in charge of all mattersrelating to the Turin computer.l don't want anyone putting himdown because he's a man of reading.l know he's got some...very funny habits,but make him feel at home.He's very important to the operation.Finally, and very quickly,l would like to introduceall the ladswho are going to do the job with me.Arthur, Frank, Rozzer, Coco,Yellow, Camp Freddie you all know.Roger, Dave and Lorna will bein reserve with three fast carsin case anything goes wrong.Right? Now, it's a very difficult joband the only way to get through itis, we all work together as a team.And that meansyou do everything l say.Here's Charlie.Putting the jib on.Don't just stand there.Get on with something.- l'm seeing he does it right.- Get on with it.- Rozzer?- Trouble with his differential.- Tell him to hurry up.- Hurry up.Dippers for the Continent.Other way round.Are they quartz-iodide?- That's right, guvnor.- Alright.We couldn't afford gold,so we're using lead.Will it take the weight?- The weight. Will it take it?- Yes, alright.Mind your face, Charles.- Alright?- OK, but l don't like the colour.lt's beautiful! Carry on.- He really needs all this equipment?- He says he does.No. You're meant to use your brakes,Chris.Terribly sorry.- How many cars have we got left?- A couple.OK, next one.Let's hope he gets it right.What do you mean they're written off?A series of accidents, Mr Bridger.l promise there'll be no more.Five, four, three,two, one.Go.You're only supposedto blow the bloody doors off!How's your new house, Fred?Very nice, Mr Bridger, thank you.My pleasure.Beckerman's done his homeworkvery well.The getaway is possible,but not easy.For a start, the attackhas to be made in this square.And it must be completedinside of three minutes.Apart from knocking overa few old dears, we'll manage it.You all understandwhat you've got to do?OK? Now, Bill.Yeah, the transporterswill move in here and here.- They'll block off the main drag.- Right. Roger.Arthur and Lornapark the three fast cars herein case we haveto make a quick getaway.Correct. lt's 1 2:1 0. The bullion vanwill be entering the piazzaand will be forced slowlytowards the centre.lt's the old over-and-under routine.First we go over the traffic,through the museums.And then under again.And up into this church.The difficulty is here.lf the police can get a caronto that bridgebefore we've got across it,we're done for.But it's a gamble we've got to take.Now, the bullion wagon is here.Right? Dominic.We get into the Minisbehind the piazza.Right. Arthur.We drive the Land Roverinto the square.Piazza.- Sorry. Piazza.- The Land Rover is in the piazza.And we come in right behind target.That's it. Wallop.But since the bridgewill be blocked by trafficthe only possible way outis across the weir,which runs alongby the side of the bridge.l've only one comment about that,Mr Bridger.Good luck.Keats, l think we'd better arrange...a funeral.- All ready to go?- Yes, Mr Bridger.The plans have been worked outto the last detail?- Yes, Mr Bridger.- Everything taken care of?- Yes, Mr Bridger.- You've overlooked one thing.The Mafia.They'll be waiting for you.ln every shot of Camp Freddie's filmthere's a Mafia man.lf they were on to Beckermanthey're on to us.You're not thinkingof calling it off?As long as you knowwhat you're taking on.- Yes. The Mafia.- Yes. The Mafia.You are about to take a half a tonof gold, in broad daylight,from under their noses.They won't like that.- That's why they killed Beckerman.- A question of prestige, is it?Yes, it's a question of prestige.lf you go through with this,you've got to win.lf you muck it up,don't ever think of coming back,except in your coffin.Who's that lot?- The drivers.- That lot smashed up my cars.Practice makes perfect, Mr Bridger.You pick 'em, don't you?Mr Bridger will now say a few words.- What?- Your speech, sir.We have come here to pay our respectsto Great Aunt Nellie.She brought us up properlyand taught us loyalty.l want you to remember thatduring these next few days.l also want you to remember that ifyou don't come back with the goods,Nellie here will turn in her grave.And, likely as not, jump rightout of it and kick your teeth in.Dave, take the valley road to Turin,OK? Go.You three take the Minis alongthe B road and keep the speed down.Right, go on, away you go.Freddie, stay with the bus.Big William, take the busalong the main road. Go!You lot, stay with me.We'll go round the mountain route.Where's Peach?What do you think this is?A Sunday school outing?Pity people aren't as lovelyas flowers.Take your flowers and get in the car.Hurry up.Mr Croker?That's right.Six weeks ago, a friend of yours metwith an accident on this very road.- So?- Do you mind if l show you how?No.You just lost himhis insurance bonus.lt cost Beckerman his life.Listen, the gold arrives tomorrow.And you think you can pick it uplike a bunch of groceriesin the supermarket?Just how are you going to do it?Excuse me.Does Mr Bridger think he cantake over Europe from a prison cell?Your car?Yeah.Pretty car.Paid for?Very funny.You'll be making a grave errorif you kill us.There are a quarter of a millionltalians in Britain.And they'll be made to suffer.Every restaurant, caf?, ice-creamparlour, gambling den and nightclubin London, Liverpool and Glasgow,will be smashed.Mr Bridger will drive theminto the sea.Well, gentlemen,it's a long walk back to England.And it's that way. Good morning.May l salute our American cousinSignor Francesco Coscaand his lovely wife?And may l raise my glass to SignorAltabani and his most beautiful wife,to thank him for his hospitality?And to congratulate him on the way hehandled the English mob this morning.l would not be too sureabout the English, cousin.They wouldn't dare!They are not so stupid as they look.Candles! Quickly!Gentlemen, we must assumethey are here.All passengers proceed to gate fivefor departure. Thank you.- Got your passport?- l think so.You need your passportdirectly after the tickets.As you walk to the planelook neither right nor left.Just look straight ahead. OK?Keep going straight ahead.Geneva, please. Got it?Neither to the right.- Nor to the left. Straight ahead.- Left. Straight ahead.And keep going.Listen!The plan was that we stay here.The plan's changed.- But why?- Because you're a liability.You see that lot out there?lf we slip up, they'll tear us apart.And... l don't want you involvedany more.- Charlie?- What?You care?Get on the... plane.l'll see you... in Geneva.Have a cup of tea ready.Bye-bye!Get on the plane.l love you!- Hello, Charlie!- Hello, lads.- Hello, Charles.- Hello, Chris.- Before we leave,... Bill?- Yes, Charles?l want every tin burned.No fingerprintson anything in the house.- We're wearing gloves.- You can't be too careful.- ls there a toilet here?- Of sorts. Out the back.Wash the handle and the seat.No prints on that, either.Here is the crunch.- Do you all know how to get there?- Actually, we can all read maps.The map will be in your head.l'm burning this one. Any questions?Without the two Jags and the Aston,what if anything does go wrong?Put your gloves on. Anything else?- Shall we synchronise our watches?- Nuts to your watches.You just be there by quarter to anddon't get stuck in the traffic jam.Anything else?Right. Away you go.One more thing.Just remember, in this country theydrive on the wrong side of the road.- Bill?- Yes, Charlie?- Bill!- Yes, Charlie?Burn this for me, will you?Yes, Charlie.- Bill?- Yes, Charlie?- Get rid of this lot.- Yes, Charlie.- They're in a trattoria in the city.- They know where to put these?Yes, you can see the camerason the rooftops.- l can't argue.- Me in the front, you in the back.He wants to sit up frontwith the driver.- l get sick in the back.- l'll get my migraine.- l'll be out like a light.- You are not going to be sick.You're not going to have migraine.Everybody is sittingin the back of the motor.Me in the back of the motor,with my asthma?One more word out of you, Arthur...Alright?Alright. Now, everybody,all your gear in here.Get your gear out.Pens, wallets, passports,photos of your girlfriend.And those cards. Put 'em in 'ere.- l'm going to need these cards.- What? Put them in here!l want mascots, money,bottle openers...in London l was up drainpipesand the game was up.All l had to do, all the time. What?- l'm getting a contact!- Let's hear it. Turn it up.l'll turn it up.- How about that?!- How about what?- How about what?- They've finished loading the gold.Right, get dressed.Away you go.Away you go.- Grazie.- Molto bene, Dad.OK, let's go.Can you direct meto Corso Garibaldi Street?Bloody foreigners...Excuse me.Blimey!Bloody Grand Prix!- What the devil is happening?- A traffic jam.- lt gets worse every time.- We've lost the convoy.Any minute now.lt's like theBlack Hole of Calcutta in here.Shut it, Arthur.What are they gabbling about, Franco?- Complaining about the jam.- lt won't be the only complaint.- Keep calm.- Get off my feet!Alright! Get yourselvessorted out and shut up!No one talks now except me.Now, now! Get in front of it!Put your helmets on.Hold tight.Now! Go round! Get in front of it.Put that bloody water cannon out!OK, Bill.ln you come!Back!Unload!Where do you think you're going?!Get on with it!Get in the car. Get back up there.lf anybody comes through, hit 'em.OK, Charlie, that's it.Right. You, you and youin the Dormobile. Get in the car.Get in the Dormobile.Get your finger out.Get a move on, then!Well, look happy,you stupid bastards!We won, didn't we?They went thattaway.l could eat a horse!Good luck!Put your foot down, Tony.They're getting rather close.Look out, it's Charlie!Look for that bloody exit.We can't go round here all night.- Manzo?- Yes, sir.Check the station. All trains.Check all names of passengers whoboarded planes at Linate or Malpensa.This was a big operation.Those engaged in the earlier partwill probably have left by air.- Check the autostradas.- The police will do this.We know them, the police don't.Get my plane ready.They can't get out in this mess.lf they planned this jam,they planned a way out.- l think you might try to keep up.- Alright!Here, make a wish.They're behind us. Putyour foot down, we'll lose 'em easy.Hurry up, Dominic.Have you heard, sir?They've done it!All the men are yelling for you.They've done it.- Done what, Keats?- The job, sir!Bridger!Get the wheels in line with it!Damn it! Brake,or we'll be in the cabin.More speed on the up,accelerate and...That's it! Go on!OK, hang on.Be very careful.Everybody out.Start unloading the gold.Charlie-boy?Now.Ready, Charlie?Now!Ready?Now!OK, out you come.Leave the beer! Get in.Come on.OK, William, go!Hold still.Nobody move.We're balancing right on the edge.Very slowly, move this way.Very slowly.Don't make a sharp movement.Come as far up this endas you can get.Watch it, Bill!The gold is pulling it over the edge.We'll have to get it back.Get back!Now hold still.Don't move. Don't move at all.Don't no one get out the door,neither. Otherwise we'll all go.Edge back as far as you can go, tocou... to counterbalance me. Now...Hang on a minute, lads.l've got a great idea.